The End.
Church of the Islands.
Tell me you're fired up for at the movies.
Come on, let's clap our hands right around the corner.
It's going to be an incredible time.
I just love seeing you.
Been sleeping all day long.
Y'all know what I'm talking about?
Come on, got that extra hour.
Y'all been awake all day long.
So we ready to go?
Let's go, let's go.
But I could wait to be with our church family today.
Just love our church so much.
You want to take a moment to welcome all those who have joined us at one of our locations.
I know the last
several weeks I've been able to be at six of our different campuses.
So we'll one church in many locations, so having a blast there.
And then also those watching online or on demand throughout the week, or maybe right now online.
Thank you so much for being apart.
And then I just want to give a big welcome to all those watching for one of our correctional facilities.
And I just thank God, I know yesterday,
I was down at Woodlawn at the Birmingham Dream Center and I ran into a gentleman there who gave his life to Christ at one of our correctional facility services.
And the last eight years has been a part of Woodlawn.
Been serving on the dream team.
Doesn't miss a first Saturday serve.
That's what it's all about.
Come on, Graceville, let's clap our hands for all those who have joined us.
And what I love about those types of stories from Dream Teamers or those that are on those that are on the team, it's all a reflection of God's goodness and it is so important in the world that we're living in right now with all that's happening around us that we are the reflection of God's goodness to those that are walking through things, those that are hurting and maybe saw Pastor Mark on socials or you know how much he leads us in our response to those
that are suffering right now, even in the Jamaica area.
I was on the phone yesterday with some of our partners and because, and I want to say this, you know, what I love about our church is the stewardship and the financial integrity of all these years.
Through the tithe and the offerings, when you're faithful and you give, it creates a storehouse so that we can respond immediately.
And so already on the ground, giving meals out in Jamaica to those that are suffering with convoy of hope, mercy chefs are very on Dennis Harris from disaster.
response is going to be there in the next 48 hours watching those resources get to the ground to the people that are most affected by that.
And then many of you know what's happening, of course, around the country, especially here in Alabama and Georgia with the food shortage.
And I just want to say, you're responding and I thank God for all that you're doing.
You know, this is legacy season and we're heading into Thanksgiving and Christmas.
We do a lot during this time, but I know that through Pastor Mark and of course you're giving, we're giving hundreds of thousands of pounds
of food away this year, even more.
We've added even more during this time to respond to those that are in that situation.
But you do this all the time.
I mean, my goodness, every week you're feeding people, yesterday we had our first Saturday serve at all of our locations.
We did 71 different projects and I found this out.
The 28 of those
We're food related projects.
So 28 projects yesterday, 4,600 people just yesterday, because of your giving, receive groceries and the gospels.
Y'all know what I'm talking about?
That's a good place to clap your hands right there.
Brexit have generosity.
People gave their life to Christ.
Got to pray with many different people.
I saw these two stories.
One of them is important because we are going to be celebrating Veterans Day in a few days.
It says this.
It says, during one of our outreaches,
One of the person there, he said, man, we've not had any food in our home.
We're running out of groceries, but your team came and brought us some, reminded us that God cares.
They left with both groceries and hope, which I think is what it's all about.
At the Auburn campus, our team packed more than 300 blessings, bags for veterans, and delivered them with handwritten notes.
I want you to hear this church.
One veteran said, I thought people forgot about us, but you didn't.
glory to God.
That's what it's like when you and I are the hands and feet of Jesus, people get to know that they are not forgotten.
And that's what it's all about.
And I thank you for showing the goodness of God.
We're gonna be doing that even this Friday at our Grandview campus, our church, and of course Highlands College comes together.
We do our annual Veterans Day celebration.
And so we know that freedom does not come without a price and it's important to Pastor Mark and Pastor Chris and our college that we celebrate, we honor,
all the men and women who are served in the armed services.
And we just want to thank God for you.
You'll be there on Friday.
We want to invite you out for that Friday, eight o'clock, we'll have a breakfast.
And then we'll do a celebration.
Got a guest speaker there that will do a fantastic job.
We just want to honor you.
We want to bless you.
If you have a veteran that's in your family, if you live near one, you want to invite them out and be a part of that because we want you to know that you matter and we want to make sure that you know you're important.
Can we clap your hands for all the veterans?
I know it's a little early, but we want to celebrate you.
It's a big thing to our college.
and a big thing to our church.
All of that is the reflection of the goodness of God.
I don't want the goodness of God series the end.
I want us to be able to receive what God wants to say to us for a few minutes today.
And then I want the goodness God to be sent in our life.
And we're gonna talk about it.
And I wanna talk for a few minutes around the idea.
Jesus remains.
Let's all pray.
Father, we love you.
We thank you for what's happening.
Speak to every single heart that's here.
We need you Lord, we need you more than ever.
So Lord, I just pray right now through the power of your Holy Spirit that you would visit every heart, Lord, help us.
We love you, we love you, because Jesus remains in Jesus' name and everybody said a good amen.
Once you turn to the person next to you and say, glad you made it to church today.
Come on, once you look at that other person, that was your second choice.
Tell them, you look like you could use a little church, my friend.
Let me start off with a question.
Do you know, or are you someone, or do you know a child, or do you have a spouse, or a roommate, or a parent, or a friend, or a co-worker who loses things?
Are you a person who loses things?
Like, a tendency to misplace stuff all the time.
Like, you sit it down and you forget where you laid it.
Like, always in the state of separation.
Well,
for confession, sake, and to be honest with you, you're looking at a recovering misplacer.
But I'm a recovering one.
I'm a recovering misplacer.
I used to be a constant victim of vanishing items.
I've lost everything.
I've lost wallets.
I've lost dogs.
Found them all.
Thank God.
I've lost books and backpacks.
I even lost and nobody has lost this.
I lost a 22 rifle in the woods while I was hunting.
It's still out there.
For real.
Lost my passport.
Did I mention phones with an S?
Oh my goodness, I have lost some phones.
I've lost more clothes and more jackets and more shoes to fill up a church.
lost and found.
I can fill up all the church lost and found.
My biggest thing is I've been a great loser of keys.
Brother, lose some keys.
Now, to God be the glory for the air tag, Hallelujah Saints for the air tag.
My goodness.
Now, if you have a child that loses things, guess what?
He'll end up being a preacher at Church of the House.
Don't be too discouraged.
It's gonna come back around.
True story, after my dad had dealt with me losing so many keys, I'm leaving for Bible college.
I'm 20 years old, going 1,000 miles away, going to Bible college.
I mean, it's a big moment.
My mom walks me outside, we're outside leaving in the afternoon.
My mom walks me outside.
She's kissing, she's hugging.
I love you so much.
It's just thinning me off.
It's the first time to leave home.
Oh, yeah!
I'm waiting on my dad.
My dad's not there.
I'm like, this is my dad.
And this is a big moment.
I'm leaving home.
I'm breaking the harbor.
Going into the world to follow the will of the Lord and my death down there.
So finally, my dad walks out and I'm waiting on these words, this Italian wisdom that I've been waiting on, just finally he is here that give me these words.
I want to be sent by you.
He looks at me and he says, son, make me a promise.
Yes, dad.
I'll take care of Bob.
I'll hold the riso name.
He says, son.
and he holds up a safety pin, and he's taken a key, my extra car key, and he's sealed it to it.
He says, look at me.
Do not take this off until you get to your destination.
Go to public college in the name of the Lord.
Last thing you said to me right there, I just got in the car and drove.
I mean, I'm a grown man, I'm 20 years old.
I had a key pinned to me the whole journey.
Right there.
Going gas stations, you know, short Mississippi.
What you got on you?
It's a key.
I will never forget for about five years, I travel with a key on me.
You're like, for real.
Just everywhere I went, I felt this nervous thing of, I'm gonna lose my key and that's gonna happen.
You know, I love in John chapter 20, where we see the post-cross post-resurrection interaction that Jesus has with Mary Magdalene.
These are not good days to the disciples and to those that followed Christ
They were under the impression that Jesus was gone, that they had lost him.
That all this had turned out bad.
And during that moment, it was bad news.
It was not a good moment.
This was bad for his followers.
And all they could think about is he is gone and we're never going to find him.
We're never going to have him again.
And you can see how important this is as they're still reeling from this loss in John chapter 20 verse one early on the first day of the week while it was still dark.
I mean, Mary had been up all night long.
She got up thinking about Jesus and just wanted to be next to Him, wanted to be near where they had buried Him, Mary Magdalene went to the tomb and saw the stone that had been removed from the entrance.
I think one of the reasons why she got up so early and it was on her heart because Jesus had done so much for her.
This is a woman that had been tormented.
The Bible tells us that Jesus had prayed and had delivered her from seven demons that were in her.
Now she had become greatly devoted to Jesus.
And you see this devotion early in the morning, she went to be near where they had buried him because she wanted to be next to him.
She could not imagine life without him.
She could not imagine life alone without the person who had done so much in her life.
We fast forward the scene because we know that Jesus is not there.
He is risen.
The power of God has showed up and our risen Savior was alive.
It's resurrection born in verse 11.
Now Mary stood outside the tomb crying and she wept.
She bent over to look into the tomb and saw two angels in white seated where Jesus body was had been and one of them at the head, the other at the foot and they asked a woman, why are you crying?
What do you think?
Well, I'm crying.
Everything in my world has been taken away.
I've lost everything.
They have taken my Lord away, and I don't know where they put him.
As she turned around, she saw Jesus standing there, but she did not realize it was Jesus.
He said, woman, why are you crying?
Who are you looking for?
What are you looking for?
What have you lost?
Thinking he was a gardener.
She says, sir, if you carried him away, tell me where you put him.
I will go find him.
I will go get him.
This little Mary said, I'll go pick him up.
I will carry him back here.
And Jesus said to her, Mary changed everything.
Interesting how he said woman, and she didn't recognize him, but then he said, Mary.
And she turned and she cried out in Aramaic, Rabona, which means teacher.
And she couldn't help as the Bible described, to reach out and to grab him.
Because she had found what she was looking for.
Verse 17 is really the key text for this whole installment this weekend.
Jesus said, do not hold on to me.
If I have not yet ascended to my father, go instead to my brothers and tell them I'm ascending to my father and to your father, to my God and your God.
Mary Magdalene went to this life was with the news.
I have seen the Lord, glory to God.
I think it's so interesting in verse 17.
It sounds like, you know, when you hear that word, don't hold on to me.
You think maybe it's a soft word, like, hey, back up a little, give me some space.
I need some operating room.
No, no, no, no, no.
That's not what happened.
That word hold actually means to cling so tightly that you're pinching me.
Can you imagine that?
Have you ever grabbed ahold of someone you're like, why are you grabbing me like that?
That hurts.
Literally, it means it hurts.
Why are you grabbing me like that?
Mary had become a clinger.
Do you know a clinger in your life?
If anybody life that clings to you all the time, to then sister, she said when they were growing up, we're always cling to her.
Mary wants to cling to the physical Jesus.
He's all she's known, but now he tells her, no, don't hold on to me like that.
Don't grab me like that.
Don't cling to me like that.
Jesus was not being rude at all.
He's giving her a revelation from our risen
Christ that I'm going to ascend so that my spirit can be with you everywhere, Mary.
You're gonna move from physical dependence to something that's even more divine, something that's even a great connection.
There's gonna be a great communion that's gonna happen.
You won't just have to be in one place.
You won't just have to be standing beside me because I'm gonna give you the Holy Spirit and he's gonna hold on to you because he's gonna be in you.
So Mary, don't hold me.
I plan on holding you.
Jesus remains to shift from holding Jesus to being held by Jesus because I'm gonna live in you.
And everywhere you go, my spirit is gonna be with you.
You'll never be alone.
You'll never be lost because I'm gonna be with you and I'm gonna be in you.
See, Mary had forgotten
All that Jesus had promised about the presence and the power of the Holy Spirit.
He had told her this day was going to come.
He had reminded them over and over again that I'm going to go to the cross.
I'm going to send them my father, but I'm going to send something to you that you're going to be okay with.
It's the power and the strength of the Holy Spirit.
Jesus remains.
John 14.
15 and 17 is one of those promises.
If you love me, keep my commands and I will ask the Father and he will give you another advocate to help you and be with you forever.
It's the spirit of truth and the world cannot accept him because it neither sees him nor knows him, but you know him for he lives with you and he lives in you.
It's the power of my spirit.
It's going to shift.
You want to hold on to me right now, but you can't hold on to me because I'm gonna give you my Holy Spirit and it's gonna hold you no matter what happens in your life.
No matter what you deal with, it's gonna be there for you.
I love how he continues to say this in John 14 verse 25 and 26, all this I've spoken to you while still with you.
But the advocate, the Holy Spirit whom the Father will send you in my name, he will teach you all things and remind you of everything I've said to you.
My Holy Spirit's gonna be with you.
You don't have to worry.
John, I know I'm gonna go up, but my Holy Spirit's gonna come down, but more importantly, it's gonna come in you.
And no matter what you deal with, the Holy Spirit's gonna be there for you.
He even says this in John 16, seven.
I think this is so important for us in the world that we're living in right now, in the thoughts that we think, in the battlefield of the mind that we go through, in the anxiety that we struggle with, in the unknown questions that we wrestle with,
Jesus said this to this life, because he knew there was going to come a moment where they were going to fill alone, and they were going to fill lost.
And he says this, but fairly truly, I'll tell you, it is good for you that I'm going away.
Unless I go away, the advocate will not come to you, but if I go, I will send him to you.
Can I have a good amen for God's Word?
Wow.
The Holy Spirit.
Jesus.
remains.
How important is that in the world that we're all navigating?
Jesus, Mary, don't, don't grab me like that.
Don't hold on to my physical presence because I can only be right here with you.
But when I send to my father, the promise of the Holy Spirit is going to come to you and no matter where you go, what you face,
what you walk through, I'm going to send him to you.
He's going to lead you into our truth and he's going to be there for you.
You never going to be alone.
You got me because I remain through the Holy Spirit.
I wrote this in my journal about the availability of the Holy Spirit to each of us.
And I said each of us.
Let me say that again, each of us.
It ain't like the Holy Spirit only comes to those who got a certain handshake.
It ain't about all that.
We get in this thought that the Holy Spirit is only going to help those that are perfect.
Just everything, just got to have like a secret code, like a password that comes down from heaven.
It only comes to you that you're the only one.
No, no, no, no, it's not like that.
It's not what Jesus promised, but I wrote this.
about the availability of the Holy Spirit to each of us.
The Holy Spirit is the presence of God and now in us.
The power of God now through us and the person of Jesus Christ now with us.
Oh, come on.
You mean to tell me?
I got the presence of God now in me.
I got the power of God through me.
I got the person of Jesus Christ.
Now with me, okay?
I could walk through this season.
I could navigate this pain.
I could go into this meeting.
I could work through this thought.
I could see this.
Oh, I feel like preaching right now.
I could see my marriage mended.
I could believe God for my kids.
I could trust God through this moment.
I could believe God for what's happening in my body.
You need to tell me I've got the power of God.
I've got the presence of God.
And I got the person of Jesus Christ.
I'm good.
Turn your neighbor's say, I'm good.
We done turned into a talking church.
Acts 1 8 says this, but you will receive power and ability.
When the Holy Spirit comes upon you, you will be my witness.
You'll be my witness through giving hope.
You'll be my witness on the first Saturday serve.
You'll be my witness in junior high.
You'll be my witness.
When you send that text, you'll be my witness.
through that moment, both the Jerusalem, Judea, Samaria, even to the ends of the earth.
Can I encourage you today that Jesus remains in the person and the presence and the power of the Holy Spirit?
That is the goodness of God today.
Jesus remains the Holy Spirit, the Holy Spirit.
He's the comforter.
He's the counselor.
He's the advocate.
He's the helper.
The Bible says he's the wind and the water and the fire.
He is the breath.
How about this?
He's the fresh air we breathe.
We know a little bit about fresh air around here.
He's the teacher.
He's the dove.
He's the great revealer.
And I thank the Lord for this.
He's the holy filter.
See y'all ain't give me enough.
Amen.
Cause some of y'all need a little holy filter.
Hey.
He's our God and He is the gift from God Almighty to you.
Jesus remains.
Well, do you know what does He do?
What will He do for me?
What does He do?
I'll tell you what He does.
I'm glad you asked.
I'm going to tell you what the Holy Spirit does.
Here's the first thing.
The Holy Spirit searches you.
These are the things of God.
They revealed to us by His Spirit.
The Spirit searches all things.
He knows you fully.
He knows what is hidden.
He knows the hurts and all the hang-ups.
And He searches you not to shame you.
That's the enemy that's trying to shame you.
It ain't the Holy Spirit.
He never searches you to shame you.
He searches you to heal you and to help you.
That's why I love a freedom group.
That's why I love a small group.
That's why I love being on a team.
That's why I love taking the next step.
All that.
I need help.
What does he do?
He searches you.
The other thing he does, he sanctifies you.
This is what some of you were.
You were this.
You were no longer this.
You were worse.
You were sanctified, justified in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ by the spirit of God.
He changes you from the inside out.
And if you will yield to him, he will bring transformation now and he will bring transformation over time.
I need it now, but I've also seen him work over time.
Thank God for the,
positional miracle, but thank God for the progressive miracle.
The Holy Spirit will work with you.
He will set you apart right now, freedom from addiction, freedom from death.
But then what I love about the Holy Spirit, he's your comforter, he's your God.
He will help you a long time as time and world and seasons and conditions change.
The Holy Spirit helps you across your timeline.
He searches you, he sanctifies you.
Second Timothy says, for the Spirit of God, guess what?
Does it give me that fear?
Does it make me timid?
He gives you power, love, and self-discipline.
He strengthens you.
When I'm weak, when I wanna quit, when I wanna give up, when I wanna give in, he gives you self-control when you're tempted.
So we rely on him.
He searches you, he sanctifies you, he strengthens you.
This is the Holy Spirit, dude.
He will speak to you.
I love this.
This is so important in the world that we're living in today.
With so many voices, when he, the spirit of truth comes, he will guide you into all truth.
He will not speak of his own.
He will speak only what he hears, and he will tell you what is yet to come.
Prayer, Bible, worship, the keys.
We hear the voice of God in a world of conflicted voices.
And he speaks with Jesus speaks.
And it always lines up with the Word of God.
I was at a confusing time.
My sophomore year of Bible college couldn't make a decision.
Went and saw a great college professor.
He looked at me and said, Dean O, the more time you spend with the Holy Spirit, the more time you spend with God in His Word, the clearer His voice will become.
Search a sanctified strength that speaks.
And then I love this.
It says this in Ephesians chapter one verse 13.
And you also were included in Christ.
When you heard the message of the truth, the gospel of your salvation, when you believed you were marked in him with the seal, the promise of the Holy Spirit, he will seal you.
World trying to, hey, when you get hurt or there's a cut or there's a wound, world tries to get in that.
tries to make you bitter.
Life, just things that happen every day.
We watch on the news, we hear from others, all those things will cut us and wound us.
And the world tries to get in there, sin tries to get, all these things try to get in there.
But God almighty says, no, no, no.
Let the Holy Spirit seal your past.
Let the Holy Spirit seal your wound.
Let the Holy Spirit seal your disappointment.
Let the Holy Spirit seal your worst day.
Don't let your past stick to you.
Let the Holy Spirit seal you.
Searches sanctify, strengthens, speaks, seals.
Well, what does the Holy Spirit do?
Here's what he loves to do.
He sends you.
John 20.
And again, Jesus said, peace be with you as the Father has sent me.
I am sending you.
And with that, he breathed on them.
and said, receive the Holy Spirit.
He will send you.
He then makes you a carrier of his presence when you go into that dorm, when you go into that workplace, when you go into that classroom, when you go into that meeting, when you get ready to live out living hope, or you go bring groceries to somebody, or you bring your legacy gift to the church, or you invite someone to Veterans Day.
You become a carrier of his presence,
and he sends you.
It's the goodness of God every day of our life.
He said, well, Deena, I want to know more about the Holy Spirit.
There's three access steps.
Guess what?
You could go online and search Holy Spirit on Church of the Highlands website, and you can see incredible message by our pastor.
Pastor Mark and Pastor Chris is told, serious on the whole.
They'll do that.
He said, I need to know more about the Holy Spirit.
How about this?
Start a freedom group in February.
That's an action step.
I'm going to freedom group.
If you say we did, I need something immediate.
And this happens at every one of our campuses.
Then after service, don't run to the car if you need the help of the Holy Spirit.
You come forward to the prayer team.
They will pray for you and they will believe for the visitation of the Holy Spirit in your life.
Action steps.
I thought about this series.
I think this has been a super important series.
I thought about a visual.
I'm asked Pastor Blake to come help me with this visual.
Come on, won't we clap our hands for none other than Pastor Blake Lindsay?
I want to show you how God uses a series like this, because I do not believe, Pastor Blake, that this has just been just some series.
There's some sermons out.
We did some talks.
God bless you.
Go eat chicken.
Glory.
That's not the heart of our pastor.
It's not the heart of our church.
It's not how God's word works.
Just a bit.
It's like a little appetizer sampler.
Got a little appetizer.
I'm good.
No, no, no, no.
We've heard messages from God.
And God says it's like a seed.
And I want to plant the series of the goodness of God.
It's just not a series.
It's a moment in God.
I believe it's one of the most impactful messages we've ever had.
I believe it's a series that is a landmark series for all of our life.
So God speaks.
and the word gets planted.
So we started off with Jesus' reigns.
Jesus, you know the salvation.
I was meeting during this time, you've given your life to Christ, salvation.
And then I love this, one of the other, number two, the second one we had was Jesus forgives.
We'll put that right over your heart.
That's how many of us we need forgiveness.
Yeah, great.
These are messages.
These are moments in God.
It's not one and done.
It's a word from God that says salvation.
Jesus forgives.
That's freedom.
Then we heard a message.
I mean, a word from the Lord that Jesus calls.
Jesus calls.
Hey, we sense him inviting.
During these moments, there's an invitation.
Then I was able to share this thought, hey, Jesus,
restores revival in our life.
Word of the Lord.
Then we heard another message.
These are messages from God that Jesus grew.
How important?
Hey, the advancing of the gospel in your life.
He wants to move you forward.
He wants you to take a next step.
How important was that in your life to take a next step?
Oh, vital.
The entire entire life.
Every day there's a next step to take.
It's very important.
It's just not one and done.
Not one and done.
You know, it's interesting.
The Bible talks about the parable of the sower and he plants the word like this when Jesus serves.
Jimmy able to do a great job of that.
How he serves.
And he plants it in our heart.
The enemy tries to come get it.
Right?
You know that parable?
The cares of the world, the troubles, the problems, the devil tries to come get it.
Constantly trying to come get it.
But the Bible says that I plant the word in my heart, Psalms 119, so I might not sin against the word.
is planted in a heart.
This is important.
Jesus wept.
Healing.
I think about your mother right now is sick.
When did your father pass away?
Almost 10 years ago.
You wept.
Those had to be dark days.
And now you have your wife and four kids.
And you lead them now without your dad.
How many days have you wanted to call your dad?
Oh, every.
Girl, daughter gets your license, son hits a home run.
Jesus wept to give healing and hope for the hurts.
Yep.
And he's done it for you.
He has.
I love this one, Jesus celebrates.
That was good.
So good.
You firm.
Appreciate it.
But there's hope.
I love Thomas.
Celebrate.
All this is in my life.
We say yes to all these things, but then Jesus remains.
You're not going to deal with this all by yourself.
You don't have to keep trying to do this better.
No, no, no, no, no.
Jesus remains.
So what happens?
He says, I'm gonna send you the Holy Spirit and it's gonna be in you.
So you're not alone and I'm gonna seal that in you.
The healing and the hope and the new beginning, all the pain.
It's in you now.
I remain in you.
And you'll never walk alone.
Like you'll never be by yourself.
because Jesus remains.
And then when He seals you, I love that.
He seals you.
Do you know what He does?
He sends you.
Like He seals you and He sends you in the name of the Lord.
You can go to the side stage, glory to God.
Clap your hands as He's big sin in the name of the Lord.
Aren't you glad for the Holy Spirit?
He sills you and he sends you.
I've got to be a state of mourning.
I was praying for our time together, carrying this word, the honor to be in this amazing church and the humility of being able to communicate with people like Pastor Mark Pettis and Pastor Chris and others.
Ended up down at the Birmingham Dream Center.
We were giving out food.
Our motion grants me old kids were partnered up there, giving out a will on today.
We're giving out food at will on today, dirt church.
Because that's what you do.
And we're cooking breakfast.
Man, I got in, I was slinging, pancreas, bacon.
Hey, hi, Church of the Highlands, on the streets.
Feed people on the streets.
I was all up in that middle.
And I was standing there in Dr. Wrecker, and Coach Dave, and the meet your kids.
I want you to meet this young man named Jeremiah.
Jeremiah, tell him why you here.
That's a picture of me, Jeremiah.
My new best friend.
Jeremiah said, God woke me up.
told me to come help the homeless.
I looked over there about 30 minutes later, he's cutting hair.
He's a barber, he works construction also, he does, has two jobs.
There's our Woodlawn campus.
He said, Jeremy, what are you doing?
The Holy Spirit sent me here to do this.
The Holy Spirit will send you.
You know what his story is?
He said, I remember growing up.
My mama didn't have money to get my hair cut.
But now the Holy Spirit sends him to cut other people's hair.
He's sending you, may not be to cut somebody's hair, maybe to bring somebody to veteran celebration, could bring to device somebody at the movies, could be to walk across street and give a meal, could bring a gift to legacy or send you to be a blessing in the workplace to notice somebody.
I thought, wow, he seals you and then he sends you.
Lord, send me.
Send me.
Amen.
It's Barry Hedges, pray together.
Father, we thank you for the sale of the Holy Spirit upon this series.
I pray the sale of the Holy Spirit upon this series.
Now, send us in the goodness of God.
Send us out in the goodness of God.
Through pain and trial and storms, send us in the goodness of God.
Maybe you hear today, our campus pastors are joining me on stage.
You say, Dino, I feel far from God.
I need a new beginning.
I need fresh air.
I need a helper.
I need a comforter.
I need Jesus Christ, my Savior.
As our C-Pees are joining us on the stage, I'm not going to have you stand or embarrass you, but I want to ask you right now if you're here, you say, Dino, I need to accept.
I want to receive Jesus Christ as my Lord and Savior.
If that's you, can you lift up your hand?
Thank you.
I see hands going up all around this room.
Pray this prayer out of your heart because I'm praying that Jesus will visit you in the power of the Holy Spirit right where you're
sitting at right now.
Just pray this out here and say, Jesus, be my Lord.
Be my Savior.
Be my everything.
Forgive me of my sins.
Give me a new beginning.
Give me a fresh start.
Be my seal.
Be my Savior.
And send me in Jesus' name, amen.
Let's clap our hands for all those who have made a decision today.